Hi there! What if I told you that you can
bake
oatmeal cookies using the ingredients
that you see before you?
One cup of oatmeal and two bananas...
You may think I'm crazy but I wanna show
you
just that!  Stick around!   Hi everyone, my
name is Paulo and welcome to my youtube
channel!  Today
as I said before, I'm gonna show you how
to bake delicious
Oatmeal cookies using just bananas and
a cup of
Oatmeal.  In today's world as people are getting used to
eating more and more Whole Foods which
is
healthier for you,  these cookies that i'm
gonna bake here today
are just a great healthy treat without
all the sugar
and all the preservatives that exist out
there
nowadays.... so without further ado
I hope you guys are ready... let's get to
this!  So the first thing we're going to
do
is to peel the bananas...
and put them in a bowl
then get your Oatmeal and
dumped it in there... get your fork
and we're gonna start mashing... when you
do this
there's really not a right way
or wrong way to do this...  actually
using your hands probably will be the
best way
here's... so I'll mash first the banana with the fork
and then using my hands I'm gonna
mix it in with the oatmeal... and like I said
there's no wrong or right way to do this
just make sure it's all nice and mixed
getting in there... let me see if I can show you
and all that mixed in there
after you mixed it all up and you have a
nice
little consistent little mix right here
where the banana is all mixed into
the oatmeal, you're ready to put it on a
baking tray which I have one
right here... pretty simple with a fork
just
grab a little bit and put it on one
side
a little bit more
and you go on that way
while you doing all this
you have preheated your oven to
about 400
degrees... right now all you have to do is
put them in the oven and let them cook
for about five minutes
and I'll be right back, I'll show you what
they look like!
and there you have it folks my cookies
baked oatmeal cookies with banana
and one cup of oatmeal!  Very simple to do
they're very delicious and your kids
will enjoy it
everybody in your family will enjoy it
because they have a nice
mild taste to it, sweet banana sweet and
no extra added sugars none of that stuff
that is
generally bad for you... so I hope that you
enjoyed this video... I hope that it was
informative and that you learn
something new!  Check out my other videos
I have videos about
how to cook oatmeal different ways with
milk or without milk
please subscribe if you'd like to check
out more of my videos, I'll have more
these tutorials not only cooking but any
other thing that I get myself into so I
hope to see you next time and I hope to
see you around so thank you very much
and if you like this video please like
it as well
and I'll see you next time!
my
in